Hyuh!
Hmm?
-
-Uhh!
-Hi, Bomb.
Oh. Hi, uh, Matilda.
Uh… Happy Founders' Day, heh.
Oh, no. I'm sorry. What did I say?
It's just Lynette and Harold asked me
to direct the Founders' Day play today,
but I can't do that
and watch the hatchlings.
I guess the universe had other plans.
My lifelong dream will just have to wait.
Your dream? Well, me and my friends
could watch them for you.
Oh, Bomb.
You are a lifesaver.
Mm-hmm.
Yah!
And… perfect.
Sorry!
Uh, think you missed a spot.
Ugh. You owe me big time, Red.
I need supreme coverage if we're
gonna have our chill day at the beach.
Right. We're gonna chill so hard.
There it is! My tree of destiny.
Uh, everything okay, Chuck?
It's perfect. In fact,
it's better than perfect.
It's burrito extreme-o!
Because I am the great Francis Finch.
You know, founder of Camp Splinterwood?
I'm playing him in the Founders' Day
ceremony today.
Yeah, but it's chill day.
There will be
no chilling today, my friends,
for the stage… beckons!
Hey, everyone.
Oh, I just wanted to thank you,
thank you, thank you
for being such beautiful souls
and doing this for me.
Oh, you're welcome.
I'm sorry. Uh, what are we doing for you?
Uh… I kinda sort of promised
we'd watch the hatchlings
so Matilda can
direct the Founders' Day ceremony.
Aw.
Hey there, cuties.
You are the absolute best.
Anytime you want your chakras aligned,
just let me know.
Chuck, ready to rehearse?
The real question is,
is the stage ready for me?
-Okay, then.
Be good.
Okay, little ones, ready to hit the beach
and chill with us?
Ohh, that doesn't look good.
Cuckoo! Cuckoo!
Uh, what's up? Why are they going crazy?
They were fine a second ago.
Hey! Take that out of your mouth!
Guess they're only good for Matilda.
This is gonna put a damper
on chill day.
But this is Matilda's lifelong dream,
and I made a promise.
I can't let her down.
Ah… because you love her.
Ohh!
Come on, Stella. Leave him alone.
-Bomb, we'll do it.
But only because you're so in love.
-Hey, I am not. I just--
Uh, where are the hatchlings?
Uh-oh.
Where'd they go?
Okay, okay, places people.
Oh, I've always wanted to say that.
So at the big finale,
make sure you're all in your places,
and I'll set off the fireworks with this.
Is it my destiny to be flung aside
and forgotten?
They're heading towards Matilda!
Whee!
Whew. Wha-ha!
Well, at least they're back in our bunk.
-Oh! Ow!
-Ohh! Oh!
I know this is important
to you, but-- ow!
We-- oh!-- need-- ow!--
our-- oh!-- chill day. Oh!
-Okay, fine.
Just please, don't make me
be the one to tell-- Matilda!
-Heh. Oh. Uh…
What are you doing here?
We are taking a five,
as they say in "the biz,"
and I just wanted to see how it's going,
and to thank you again
for making my dreams come true.
-I am having the best day.
Oh! You're welcome.
So… is everything okay?
Yah! Y-Yeah, they're just nipping.
I mean, napping.
Oh, bless the stars!
Well, when they wake up,
you should bring them to the ceremony.
Uh, sure. We'll be there.
Okay. Bye.
I couldn't do it, guys.
I couldn't crush her dreams. I'm sorry!
All right, Bomb, we'll do it,
but you've gotta pull it together.
Okay, if we're going to the ceremony,
we need to figure out
how to keep these monsters under control.
Put that down!
No! Bad hatchling!
Okay, it totally worked.
Not exactly what we had in mind
for chill day,
but it'll do, I guess.
During the performance, there will be
no talking, yawning, gum chewing,
and absolutely no smiling!
-And enjoy the show.
Blah! I've just had a vision of a camp
where children will frolic with mosquitoes
and be fed cheap, un-nutritious food,
and at its center, an oddly specific,
U-shaped tree!
Is it my destiny
to be thrown aside and forgotten?
Um, guys?
-Ohh.
-They're gonna wreck the ceremony.
Not if we grab 'em first. Split up!
I gotcha!
Ah, my intrepid team
of plucky adventurers,
I, Francis Finch--
Blagh!
But, Mummy, I don't like the meat pies.
Got one!
There it is. It's glorious.
A tree perfectly shaped
to slingshot campers
in fun summertime activities.
I dub thee the Founders' Tree
on this fine day.
Uh… night.
Uh, day.
Night. Day. Night. Day.
Night, day! Night, day!
-Night, day! Night, day!
-Night, day! Night, day! Night, day!
Night, day! Night, day! Night, day!
-That's two!
I got this one.
Ohh! Aagh…
Away, foul, uh… fungi!
Be gone, I say!
What are you doing here?
I am the red… wood tree.
I'm, uh, trying to find
the magical mushroom…
and there he is.
We got 'em!
No, that's only three. There's one left!
-There!
-I'll get him!
-Uhh!
Ha! Gotcha!
Uh…
-Uhh!
Oh, no.
Uh… the end?
What are you doing on the stage?
You're gonna ruin the play.
Bomb, what happened?
We couldn't control the hatchlings.
Red and Stella told me to tell you,
but I didn't!
And then I blew everything up!
Matilda!
In all my years, I have never
seen anything so… so…
-Amazing!
It's usually such a drag,
and everyone's asleep by the end.
But the mushroom, the pyrotechnics,
the explosions.
Genius!
So, same time next year, Ms. Director, ah?
Bomb, next time
just tell me the truth, okay?
-Mm-hmm.
I don't know why you had
any trouble with them, though.
They are such darlings.
Thank you! Thank you!
You love me. You really love me!